Name: Ethan Peng

Game: Uno

Location/Instructions on How to Open:
compile code by going cd /Downloads/UnoGame, then javac GameRunner.java, then java GameRunner

Video Demonstration: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CvaIyRE1Tw

Rules of Uno:
Object of the Game:
Be the first to play all your cards

Side Note: 
- Unlike the real Uno, you don't have to type uno if you have one card, but you can do it verbally of course!
- Also if the deck runs out of cards, plus2 and plus4 cards just won't draw cards, and the game continues as normal, also if you don't have a card, you don't have to draw any cards
- Also the values of action cards are negative, this is so I can easily differentiate what you can put on the deck
- just know that action cards can go on action cards

Contents:
108 cards as follows
19 Blue cards – 0-9
19 Green cards – 0-9
19 Red cards – 0-9
19 Yellow cards – 0-9
8 Draw Two cards – 2 each in blue, green, red, and yellow 8 Reverse cards – 2 each in blue, green, red, and yellow 8 Skip cards – 2 each in blue, green, red, and yellow
4 Wild cards
4 Wild Draw Four cards

How to Play:
Once the cards are shuffled each player is dealt 7 cards.
The remainder of the deck is placed face down to form a Draw pile. The top of the Draw pile is turned over to begin a Discard pile. If an Action Card is the first one turned up from the Draw pile, certain rules apply (see Functions of Action Cards).
He/she has to match the card on the Discard pile, either by number, colour, or symbol. For example, if the card is a red7, the player must put down a red card or any colour 7. Alternatively, the player can put down a Wild card (see Functions of Action Cards).
If the player doesn’t have a card to match the one on the Discard pile, he/she must take 2 cards from the Draw pile. Next person plays

Functions of the Action Cards:
The functions of the Action Cards and when they may be played, are set out below.
Draw Two Card – When this card is played, the next person to play must draw 2 cards. This card can only be played on matching colours and other Draw Two cards. 
Reverse Card – This simply reverses direction of play. Play to changes directions to the right and vice versa. The card may only be played on a matching colour or on another Reverse card.
Skip Card – The next player to play after this card has been laid loses his/her turn and is “skipped”. The card may only be played on a matching colour or on another Skip card. 
Wild Card – The person playing this card calls for any colour to continue the play, including the one currently being played, if so desired. 
Wild Draw Four Card – This is the best card to have. The person who plays it calls the colour that continues play. Also, the next player has to pick up 4 cards from the DRAW pile. 

Enjoy UNO card game – and may the best or luckiest player win!